So now that we know how to write sagas we are going to take all of the ideas that we've just learned
and make a pretty large refactor where we're going to move our user functionality out of our application
and into sagas.
Now what we're about to do is pretty extensive but it is most likely also going to be the patterns that
you're going to see in a professional application.
If you're ever on an application that uses redux saga in your react app now these patterns are going
to pretty much be extrapolations of everything that we've learned.
But we are going to flesh out some ideas as we do it and it is a pretty large refactor that we're about
to endeavor on.
So don't worry if you feel like it's overwhelming.
It is a lot of code but we're gonna take it step by step.
And this is one of those things where the more you practice the more you see it and the more experience
you get from writing it this way you'll understand why we structure our code in song as the way that
we're about to do now in order for us to do this we have to think about the goal in mind as well as
how we originally have it in order to successfully refactor the code refactoring is a skill that a lot
of developers need to work on as well as have in a successful career because what you need to do with
a refactor is look at your code and see where it can be improved.
This will help you think about making architecture decisions in the long run as well as improving old
code.
So it functions better because we all know that a lot of the times we build features with that feature
in mind but then something new comes along that requires us to change what we just built in order to
adjust for the new functionality so in order to practice that I'm going to guide you through our thinking
process on how we should refactor are user authentication and sign in sign out processes.
Now let's say for example we want to be able to whenever the user signs out clear our cart we want to
reset our application in some way based on a user signing out beyond that.
We also want to move the logic outside of our component at Mount in our app J.S. related to authenticating
and authenticating our user now the way we're gonna do this.
We're also going to approach it from a promise based style instead of this observer listener style that
we have as we did with our collections.
And the reason we want to do this is because there's a chance that the application you'll work on is
going to be more promise based.
And if that's the case sign in and sign out has a slightly unique flow that's different from how we
did our collections so in order for us to do that we're also going to evaluate how we are currently
doing sign in and sign up and the way that we have it is that we have in our sign in component this
code that will handle the submit using the author library to sign in with email and password or we call
our sign and with Google method which is a firebase utility that we wrote that also triggers off this
own sign and with pop up process both of these things will update our off library on the back end.
Right on our fire store and then author what triggered this update on our on Allstate State change was
we listen to and then we kick off our process on updating our reducer with the snapshot that we get
back.
But we also set it to null whenever the user signs out and all we do is we check whether or not the
user auth that's coming in is actually an object or no value if it's a null value.
We know that the user signing out.
And then we essentially just set the current user to No.
Now this is perfectly fine inside of Firebase and fire store but if we wanted a greater degree of control
over how we can manipulate our application based on a user signing in signing out we have to break this
apart so that's what we're going to do.
I just wanted to highlight all of the thinking processes that we need to have when looking at what we
originally have right now before we begin our refactor.
So let's start breaking this application down into redux sagas.